I don't know why you need mission that
they describe is me get on my level fly
with me better than I ever change to the
hospital are coming place Witter nail
them down fast like cotton candy I'm
Nydia baby been trying to be in this
nice guy so I'm stretched and lonely
needy chicks don't believe me come six
feet long
you
when I ride I pull up and that's
homicide and I got a different mind I
think it's offices get inside ghost wind
ain't know the name I've been the best
night killed again and I'm running
hypersonic fame everybody still remember
my name
breaking it comes back but I feel gonna
liver on heavy check I'll put my name on
it
like you never heard of me I choose a
muffin s verbally cuz my flow is hot
like 30 degree gotta be but I'm to deal
with it I need everybody trying to get a
deal with 18 years from now I'm a CEO
pillar since I've been to village and
they said Hitler when I step in
he's been deliver serving up again like
you know I'm a top shot but I'm sitting
on my game too close like this member
they came to what I tweet you own the
time like we do it like we do it they
can't do it like we do it we do it
No